NewBank Software App – Group 15 Functional and Non-Functional Requirements

Overview:
NewBank is an idea for a new disrupter bank where customers can interact with their accounts via a simple command-line interface. The originator of this idea has produced some basic client-server code as well as a protocol for sending commands and receiving responses from the NewBank server. The originator of the idea has asked your group to further develop their base code - specifically, implementing the protocol. However, the originator is also keen for input and your team can alter or add to the protocol to improve interaction with the NewBank server as well as to add new services. For example, the originator is keen for NewBank customers to be able to offer micro-loans to other NewBank customers in a micro-loan marketplace. You and a team of developers have taken up this challenge. Your team have access to the originators basic client-server code as well as the protocol for sending commands and receiving responses from the NewBank server. The originator has said that your group can add to, remove and/or alter any part of this basic code as well as the proposed protocol. Their only requirement is that customers have to interact via a command-line interface and that any changes/additions to the protocol are fully documented.

Functional Requirements

	FR1	The system shall allow users to register and use an account. (SIGNUP)
		
		FR1.1 An account shall have a name.
		
		FR1.2 An account shall have a password.
		
		FR1.3 An account shall have an ID number.
		
		FR1.4 An ID number shall consist of 8 digits.
		
		FR1.5 The system shall display an error message to users if name is already in use.

		FR1.6 The default account shall be Main
	
	FR2	The system shall require users to login to use its features. (LOGIN)
	
		FR2.1 User shall have 3 attempts to login.

	FR3	The system shall allow users to change their password. (PASSWORDCHANGE)

	FR4	User shall be able to check its accounts balance. (SHOWMYACCOUNTS)
		
		FR4.1 User shall be able to check transactions' history. (HISTORY)

	FR5	User shall be able to deposit money. (DEPOSIT)

		FR5.1 User shall deposit money on its main account.
		
	FR6	User shall be able to withdraw money. (WITHDRAW)
	
		FR6.1 User shall withdraw money from its main account.
		
		FR6.2. User shall not withdraw more money that he has on his main account.

	FR7	User shall be able to move money between his accounts. (MOVE)
	
		FR7.1 User shall not move more money that he has on the source account.

	FR8	User shall be able to transfer money from his account to other user's account. (PAY)
	
		FR8.1 Pay function shall move money from main acocunt to main account.
		
		FR8.2 User shall not transfer more money than he has on his main account.

	FR9	Register as a lender function – allows user to register as a lender for bank’s microloan service
		FR9.1 The user must have the desired amount to loan in their main account


	FR10	Show lender function – shows user a list of available micro-lenders

	FR11	Borrow from a micro-loan – allows user to borrow a micro-lender specifying amount needed and repayment term, any income details, credit checks. 

	FR12	Show loans – show the user current outstanding loans

	FR13	Logout function – allows user to log out of account
	
		FR13.1	User should be able to log off using "LOGOFF" function.
		
		FR13.2	After using "LOGOFF" function program should ask for User Name again.


Non-Functional Requirements

	NFR1	Security requirements
		NFR1.1	Account ID, PIN and Password protection happens at the first level within the system. To access internet banking, users are required to insert account ID and password. Without these, access denied. Special password characters may be imposed by the Bank to provide a greater degree of security. The following characters may be used as required :!@#$%^&*()_+-=[]{}|\;:’”, /? 

		NFR1.2	Auto Timeout Screen Blanking – 5 minutes of inactivity then time-out. The auto timeout feature warns users every 30 seconds prior to a pending timeout. 

		NRE1.3	Sign-off Button – user has the option to sign off after they have finished using the app. 

		NFR1.4	Failed login attempts -  users are denied access after a pre-determined number of failed log-on attempts. If users have been locked out due to exceeding the pre-determined number of log-on attempts, the users must contact the Bank in order to be reinitialized. 
				
		NFR1.5	Encryption In addition to password protection.

	NFR2	Performance requirements
	
		NFR2.1	Increase customer satisfaction by allowing customers to access banking services 24/7, 365 days a year with minimum downtime period for backup and maintenance

		NFR2.2	Expand services and products by providing facilities for NewBank to offer new services and products onto its homepage. 
				
		NFR2.3	Reduce costs by minimising costs of processing transactions and reduce the number of branches required to service an equivalent number of customer. 

	NFR3	Safety requirements
	
		NFR3.1	Ensure back up, recovery and business continuity by ensuring sufficient back up of data in accordance to rules and regulations. Back up should be done periodically. 
